---
title: Am I Addicted?
---
I can't remember who it was but someone once told me a story of the first ever [Coca-Cola](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coca-Cola) factory. It went a little something like this...

> As soon as construction on the original Coke factory was completed the then CEO of the company ordered another identical factory built right next door. This was done because in the two years it would take to complete the sister factory, the Coke would've eaten away at the mixing vats in the original building to such a degree as to render them unusable. The whole operation could then be transferred into the new factory, and they would have a two year period in which to repair the original vats before the whole operation needed to be moved back again.

 Now I'm pretty sure this is just an urban legend (don't you just love 'em?), but it illustrates the stuff that may be believable about "The worlds favorite soft drink". I must admit, I love Coke, and lately I've been drinking on average a half litre bottle a day. My desk a work is a grave-yard of empty red-labeled bottles. Besides the environmental damage I'm doing by throwing away all that plastic, I'm pretty sure I'm damaging my insides as well. I gave up Coke for lent this year, and I couldn't wait for my first glass on Easter Sunday. Even to the point of waiting to get to a pub where I knew they had ice-cold Coke in a real glass bottle. Yes, it was even harder than giving up beer as I'd done the month before. So am I addicted? I realise that an addiction to a sweet sticky drink isn't perhaps the most serious thing in the world, but maybe I should try going without for a while again, just to see if I can. Anyway, that's all I have to say on the matter.