---
title: Modern Day Acts
---
There is a legend living in Walsall. His name is Vic and he is the guy who (with others) established [Walsall Community Church](http://www.walsallcommunitychurch.org/). Nowadays you're more likely to find him in some far flung place spreading the Gospel. I want to share with you a story he told us Sunday morning. I want to share it because it's an amazing story. I for one sometimes don't realize just how awesome these things are that Vic brings back from his travels. It's God moving and doing things today that the apostles were writing about nearly 2000 years ago. Vic was travelling on a train, in a typical Indian carriage packed with hundreds of people. Just the sort of thing you see on TV travel shows, people clinging on where they could. It was to be about a three and a half hour journey, so Vic settled down with his lap top to make the most of the time by doing some writing. The people on the train were fascinated by this, some of them were farmers and had never seen a computer before. Very soon a large crowd had gathered, and were shouting random questions to Vic about what this thing was. Vic, being an enterprising bloke, and never one to pass up an opportunity decided to show them a presentation he had about the Passion movie. The crowd, now about a hundred or so, were fascinated. It took time to go through each of the slides as information about what was going on was translated and passed back through the train to the people who couldn't see. One he had finished, Vic asked if there was anyone who was sick. A question that was met with confused silence. Then one man shouted from the back, "My daughter is sick, and she is here now". As they fought their way towards Vic, it was obvious that she had a paralyzed arm, her fist was tightly clenched and the arm was hanging useless by her side. She had been injured in an accident two years previously, and had been like this ever since. Vic started to pray for her. Gradually, she started to move her fingers, and then raise her arm. By the time Vic had finished, she was waiving her arms up and down, beaming from ear to ear. The dumbfounded father couldn't believe what had happened. His daughter had been completely healed! Not only had the little girl been given back the use of her arm, over a hundred people had witnessed the power of God. Make of this what you will. It's just one of many amazing stories Vic (and many, many more people) have of healing and the power of God. Some of you may be shocked by this, some of you may dis-believe it, some of you may even have seen this kind of thing happen. My point is that this thing does happen. Awesome? Certainly.