---
title: Leave To Stay
---
Having just read a [news report](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/5244936.stm) on the men who hijacked a Boeing 747 in Afghanistan in 2000 I've been thinking about the question of why it's such a mine field of red-tape to grant people seeking asylum leave to stay in Britain. These men were obviously so desperate to get out of their country they were willing to risk a substantial prison sentence. It would be very easy to lump everyone who comes to the UK into one category and say that we should give them shelter from the evils of whatever regime is the controlling power in their country, but as Home Secretary John Reid points out this position is thwart with dangers.

> I continue to believe that those whose actions have undermined any legitimate claim to asylum should not be granted leave to remain in the UK

 You can see his point. Everyone must be judged on their own merits. While desperately wanting to offer a safe haven for those people who're at risk in their own country's, the UK simply doesn't have the resources to cope with everyone in search of what may be perceived as a better life. My personal feelings on the matter are somewhat different, having witnessed people going through the political wranglings and heart ache of desperately trying to get permission to stay in this country which had been their home for a substantial number of years. Very often they have made a life for themselves, and have established friends and family, and are settled, just to be told that they face the possibility of being returned to a country where they could face persecution. I definitely think something needs to change, but as usual I'm at a loss to know what. Maybe the way forward is to let those people who face even the tiniest risk of danger in their home country stay and be part of our community, a full British citizen. Let them contribute to our economy, let them work and pay their taxes. I know this is a very simplest answer compared to the complexity of the problem, but it seems to me that for an "enlightened" nation we should be offering the hand of friendship.