---
title: These Things, I'm Thankful For
---
We watched the [Constant Gardener](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0387131/) last Tuesday night, which Paul told me was called the Uphill Gardener so really didn't want to watch it. For those who haven't seen it, I really would recommend giving it a go, I'm not going to bother explaining the plot (you can read about it on imdb if you're really that interested) but suffice to say its set in Africa, and shows in no uncertain terms the sometimes brutal existence that people live. 

The film catalysed me into writing about something I've been thinking about for the last few weeks: How privileged I am. When McClegg got back from India, he had lots of stories about the absolute poverty that people find themselves in. I can't even begin to imagine living that life, the gulf between my luxury existence and the hand-to-mouth living that many of this world's inhabitants endure is almost insurmountable. As the old saying goes...

> It could be worse

 ...and yes indeed it could be a lot worse. So this got me thinking about "accident" of birth. Is it pure chance that you are born into the family and circumstances you have? Does God control it? If so, it may seem a little unfair that I'm enjoying my decadent life while there are people suffering all over the world from a variety of different evils. I guess we could look at the "big" picture and say that everyone is dying, and the only purpose of this life is to drive us closer to our maker / the answers / any other generic thing that we as a species seek on a day-to-day basis. I'll admit, I don't have the first idea.