---
title: The Root of All Evil?
---
I watched with interest "[The Root of All Evil](http://www.channel4.com/culture/microsites/C/can_you_believe_it/debates/rootofevil.html "channel4.com")" last night on Channel 4 (UK). In this series [Professor Richard Dawkins](http://www.simonyi.ox.ac.uk/dawkins/index.shtml "who is Richard Dawkins?") investigates the seemingly unbelievable fact that religious faith is gaining ground in the face of evidence based science. 

A couple of years ago I would have totally agreed with what Dawkins was saying, and written off the vast majority of people featured in the program as “nutters” or “fundamentalists”. You see I was a devout atheist. Evolution explained everything for me, and the overwhelming evidence for it had convinced me there could be nothing more. That was until I was dragged along to a friends wedding blessing and experienced what can only be described as a revelation of God. The realisation that there could be more than the things we measure with Electron Microscopes and Carbon dating. Life is an adventure of discovery - by our very nature we are inquisitive. 

God didn’t make things easy for us, what would be the point in that? I’m not saying that I have all the answers (I don’t even think I have any of the answers), but am determined to find out more, eyes open, to ALL the possibilities. I think as a Christian we need programs like this. We need opposing opinions to keep us on our toes. It’s all too easy to fall into the “Sunday Morning” trap, where you can package your faith into a neat little box and pick it up whenever you need a crutch. Opposition is a good thing! Think about it, the challenges that we face in our lives shape us, they make us who we are, without them we would be empty, devoid of anything but blind faith. My faith is certainly NOT blind.