---
title: On Fire
---
There's a song by one of my favorite bands [Switchfoot](http://www.switchfoot.com/) called 'On Fire'. It's about God.

> And you’re on fire When He’s near you You’re on fire When He speaks You’re on fire Burning at these mysteries

 I never really knew what this song was about. I understood that the guy was quite excited about being close to God, but really couldn't relate to it. Yeah, I'd had some experience with God, the odd encounter, but not any kind of burning passion. Not being on fire. The thing is, I kind of half expected to feel different being a Christian, that I'd suddenly become holy, that I'd receive the answers to all of life's questions. But, of course, I didn't. In fact, I really didn't fell any different at all. I've got to admit, I thought it would be easy, and life as a Christian would just involve a bit of singing and praying on a Sunday morning. There would be no real effort, but I could still reap the rewards at the end. I really wasn't expecting it to be this tough. I really wasn't expecting to feel embarrassed of telling people about my faith, or the whole new world of questions it opened up. I wanted answers, not more questions. I guess that's why a lot of people go to God, looking for answers. I guess that's why a lot of people turn to other things; Drugs, money, sex, new age therapies. Looking for answers, looking for validation, looking for that most valuable yet fleeting of commodities: Happiness. The thing is, God never promises answers or happiness. In fact, the only unconditional promise in the Bible is that there will be suffering while we're on the earth. Well, no disputing that. So why bother? I suppose the obvious answer is the "big reward" at the end. But it's not really about that. I can't conceive of heaven or the after life at the moment, it's just something I don't really spend a lot of my time thinking about. To be honest, I still spend a lot of my time thinking about how I'm feeling: happy, sad, hungry, messy, tired, ill, depressed, joyous, horney, in love. Whatever. You know, I'm sure you feel all this stuff (and more) too. So really, why bother? It says in the Bible that all you have to do is believe in Jesus, and you'll be saved. Couldn't I just spend a few more years of doing whatever I wanted, making me happy, then believe at the end? Best of both worlds, right? Well, yeah, I suppose you could, I wouldn't want to, but this is what some people choose to do. I'm starting to understand being on fire. The knowledge that God is with me. It's not that He's gonna protect me from any shit that happens to fly my way, but He'll always be there to teach me something through it, to bring good from the bad. I'm slowly starting to understand that God is for me not against me. And I'm slowly starting to feel on fire that little bit more.