---
title: Pimp My Attitude
---
Last week I received a random e-mail from a lady calling herself "Yummy Mummy" that simply said...

> I have written about you, I hope you like it. x.

So with trepidation, I clicked on [the link](http://pimpmydaughter.wordpress.com/2007/09/04/jon-roobottom-the-churchgoing-hunk/). At this point, it's worth pointing out that I don't know this person, or had never had any contact with her before in my life. And yes, I'm aware how much you guys are going to take the p**s. 

It took me a while to work out what the hell was going on here. Apparently this woman, writing under the pseudonym of Yummy Mummy writes about "Amelia" her 18 year old daughter and how she needs to basically be more wise in the way of men. Its pretty weird stuff and morally questionable to say the least, but after a few emails to "Yummy" (staring with me asking 'are you for real?') I was assured that this wasn't real, and was just to provoke interest in her blog.


So needless to say, I don't agree with what this woman is doing, but she has a much right to write what she thinks as the next guy.. um, gal. I saw absolutely no point in sending her a message judging her for her actions. Then I received an email from Rose DesRochers who writes quite a [nice little blog](http://rosedesrochers.todays-woman.net/) and also runs [Today's Womans Writing Community](http://www.todays-woman.net/). She was trying to get me to force "Yummy" to take my photo off her blog. She seems to have quite a lot of anger about Pimp My Daughter, which I guess I can understand. However she did rather go off on one about how she thought that all MEN (yes, capitals) just saw a joke in this. 

I did rather feel caught in the middle, forced to take sides on an issue that I'd never really considered before. And I suspect that far from farming her daughter out "Yummy" is actually just massively taking the p**s.