---
title: Project 365 2015
section: diary
cover: /assets/blog/covers/IMG_7388.jpg
images:
  - 
    image: /assets/diary/IMG_7388.jpg
    caption: 'A good start — Cath, Dave & Katie at Swanbourne Lake — January 1st 2015.'
    set: jan
introduction: "When I tried, and failed to write of review of 2014 I was a little disgusted at my poor memory. This year, I'm propping up the crumbling underside of my brain by taking a photo every day..."
tags:
  - Photography
---
When I tried, and failed to write of review of 2014 I was a little disgusted at my poor memory. What _did_ we do in January 2014? Honestly I have no idea, and aside from the obvious _recovered from the Christmas hangover_ or _decided to loose some weight_ January is a blur.

All these moments in our lives go by so quickly. I suppose this is one of the reasons that services like Facebook are so popular — they allow you to capture moments in your life and then give you a way to play it back at a later date. It's exactly for this reason I started writing things down and publishing them here.

What better way to document 2015, the year we're expecting our first child, than to take a photo every day. I have [tried this before](/gallery/365-2010), but gave up at day 16. I'm hopeful this time will be different and, inspired by [Flix's Project 365](http://mockingbirdcomic.com/comic-365/) rules, I've set myself some guidelines. 

- Take at least one photo every day.
- If you miss a day, don't worry about it. Carry on the next day.
- Write something about the photo. A paragraph or two will do.
- Replacing photos is fine, as long as it's just a better shot of what was there before.

<figure class="inline">{{ theme:partial src="figure" use_context="true" show_img="jan" }}</figure>

My ultimate aim is to have a collection of memories from the year. Some will be mundane, most will be badly lit, but there may be a few we’ll print out and put on our walls. Treasured memories from what’s hopefully going to be a fun, scary and pooey nappy filled year.

If you're interested, you can [view all my Project 365 photos](/365). 