---
title: Lees Stag
---
Finally Lloydy has [posted the photos](http://www.lloydyweb.org/photos/2005/leesstag/index.php) of Lee's Stag night shnangans. It all stared off fairly tame, a few drinks in Bridgenorth (with the notable absence of the stag, although he _had_ had his wisdom tooth out that day) then back to Walsall to get Lee. 

A 'few' drinks in the Wharf led to a few more in Yates's, and then home. However, on the way home passing McDonalds we stopped so that I could take a leak, or so it would seem. We took this opportunity to strip Lee, cover him in silly string and baby-oil and hand-cuff him to a lamp-post. 

We then drove away to the other car park, turned the lights off and left him for a while. We were going to go back for him, honest guv. But, by the time we did go back for him he'd gone. 

Escaped. 

Vamoosed. 

And then we had the biggest storm that i've seen for years. So after spending an hour or so looking for him Lloydy called the police and asked "if they had picked up any naked white men on the run in Bescot?" They said not, but they'd send a car out to help us look. They weren't happy. After hour went by, still no Lee. 

Kris and Fordy were soaked, and we figured it was time to go tell Lee's future misses that we'd lost him. As it turned out Lee was already home, he'd got a taxi with the tenner he'd hidden in his socks.

So it turned out that Lee bested us all, and probably rightly so. We were, after all, anti-social morons who think that stripping a friend an leaving him out in the rain is funny. Idiots. 