---
title: What Do You People Want From Me?
---
I occasionally give my brain over to thinking about things. One of these things recently has been this very blog/diary/random crap generator which you (you lucky person) are currently reading. Besides pondering over the general design and, dare I say it, new features, I've been pondering the content. Usually ideas for new posts come to me and I mental write them before I sit down at the keyboard. Then I'll write a little of what I intended, and completely change it. Let me give you an example, are you sitting comfortably? Good, then I'll begin. The other week I watched a film called "[Dead Man Walking](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0112818/)", which I thought was going to be a load of old crap but turned out to be one of the best films I'd seen in ages. It's about a nun who befriends a murderer on death row. She shows him the kind of love and compassion you read about Jesus giving people, despite the fact that this guy is a rapist and murderer and everyone else sees him as nothing more than an animal. And it got me thinking what an awesome dude that Jesus guy was, that his message of love made him so dangerous that the authorities put him to death. All this in an age where things like stoning a woman to death for adultery was par-for-the-course. He really did give hope to the hopeless. And then I think, nah, I couldn't possibly write about that. I get half way through writing a post, and give up, or it gets stored in my ever growing unpublished folder. So I know I don't need your permission to write about anything that inspires me, but what do you want? What are the things you've enjoyed reading (if anything) over the last few months? What are the things you've hated? As per usual... Over to you.